I ain't a pro player harmer pub-style
got the other gene crime but the leg I'm
enemies putting body bag dragged out
extend the tricks prima 40-pound bag so
everybody this is general pulps tampere
today I'm bringing has a two million
42nd nuclear with the m1216 shotgun I
want to say thank you poem stars and
thank you Jane ac4 allow me to be part
of this channel and you guys will be
seeing a lot of beasts solo game plays
from me if you guys don't want to see
any more shocking game please make sure
to leave it down in the comments below
and I'll try to find something else for
you guys next time I upload now this
gameplay I got against a full party but
for wait first of all before talk about
the gameplay I want to talk about sorry
about the quality the quality might not
be the greatest the reason why is
because I had to download this from
YouTube you know YouTube like to script
the quality bunch so sorry about that
guys but this gameplay was a was what
was one of my best with a shotgun and I
wanted to bring guys something different
so let me talk about my class that
really quickly I was using the laser
sight long barrel with lightweight
scavenger extreme conditioning dexterity
and in my opinion you do not need fast
manage to the m1216 the reason why is
because laser sight you do hit fire with
a lot you hit fire and then 80s so you
the laser sight really does help out
especially trying to get those one shots
and I was in the process of getting in
gold so those one shots were definitely
really really helpful so the laser sight
did help out there but if you're playing
66 you know don't use fast mags but if
you want to use fast medics by all means
go ahead just take off the laser sight
because the distance when shooting this
gun is awful that's why I did pick up an
m12 mm 27 on this game you always want
to pick up a secondary when using a
shotgun as well because again these
shotguns in this game do not have that
much range especially when you're on a
long a long range engagement map so if
you're on trade for example and you go
through you know you go through the
b-side you always want to pick up a
secondary no matter what map you're on
to be honest with you guys but you
always want to first of all you always
want to stay in the close quarters
engagements like see here I keep going
back to round this
building because again it is a close
quarters engagement and when using a
shotgun these are the type of
engagements you want to come across
against not long range engagements where
you're like going against snipers and
the lmg target finders so I just want to
say that because I see a lot of people
when using a shotgun they typically
don't like to stay in the close quarters
engagements so that's just a little tip
right there for you guys and you can see
these guys keep going out they keep
throwing the shock charges down they
keep coming back into this building too
so I took advantage of that I was
playing with one of the guy in this
gameplay so it wasn't completely solo
but the you can see towards in here in a
second you'll see when I pull up
scoreboard that I am on one bar at oh
and I do have the class setups and the
combat record up now to show you guys
I'm not a reverse booster and to show
you guys that you know just my combat
record and class ups and all that cool
stuff hope you guys enjoy this video
thank you poem stars Thank You Jay nasty
again for la meeting part of this
channel and I'll just make sure the
commentary next time is a lot better
than this one I'm just starting to get
out with the commentaries and really
starting to put some effort into my
commentaries so hope you guys enjoy this
video and I'll catch y'all later guys
have a nice day bye
you